Ai adrian dead lock avoidance policy (#2)
flatland-association/flatland-benchmarks-f3-deadlock-avoidance-baseline: README.md

# Flatland Baselines

> 🚂 This repo provides baseline for the Flatland 3 Benchmarks hosted at [fab.flatland.cloud](https://fab.flatland.cloud).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚂 This repo provides baselines for the Flatland Benchmarks hosted at [fab.flatland.cloud](https://fab.flatland.cloud) and the scenarios in the Flatland scenario repository [flatland-scenarios](https://github.com/flatland-association/flatland-scenarios).
```

```shell
cd demo

> cocker compose build

Author: ```suggestion
docker compose build
```
